<h1>IIOT</h1>

<p>IoT, Internet of Things, is often referred to a “smart” object. Everything from cars, home appliances to shoes and light switches that connect to the internet, passing and receiving data and connecting the physical world to the digital world are considered as smart object.
<br>
IoT devices are mostly manufactured to serve customers, genereal public, and are built from customers point of view.
<br>
But IIot devices are purely manufactured to assist industrial workers and automate boring tasks. This does not mean that 
the machines are going to takeover the jobs of industrial workers, which might be posible in the foreseeable future, but these machines cannect with each other and interact with other machines and perform task efficiently.</p>

<h2>Difference between IIoT and IoT</h2>
<p>Both IIoT and IoT have the same main character of availability, intelligent and connected devices. The only difference between those two is their general usages. While IoT is most commonly used for consumer usage, IIoT is used for industrial purpose such as manufacturing, supply chain monitor and management system. This illustration below will give you clearer picture about both concepts.</p>

<h3>Focus Development</h3>
<p>IIoT uses more sophisticated devices to extend existing manufacturing and supply chain monitor to provide broader, more detailed visibility and enable automated controls and accomplished analytic.
On the other hand, IoT is developed with the concept of using smart devices to improve consumer convenience, where human interacts with devices to gain some benefits. For example, connected home appliances will reduce your monthly bills by managing your resource usage such as automatically turning off electricity when you leave home, or adjusting the room temperature based on current weather.
</p>
<h3>Degree of Application</h3>
<p>Since IIoT is developed to handle critical machines, IIoT uses more sensitive and precise sensors in the plant, including more location-aware technologies on the supply chain side with sophisticated, advanced controls and analytics. However, on the contrary, IoT uses a simpler application with low-risk impact. It is undoubtedly that IoT device will grow higher with less expensive price than IIoT, considering its production volume and technology capabilities.</p>
<h3>
Separated Area of Interest</h3>
<p>IIoT connects critical machines and sensors in high-stakes industries such as aerospace, defence, healthcare and energy. These are the systems in which failure often results in life-threatening or other emergency situations.<br>
IoT, on the other hand, tends to be consumer-level devices with low risk impact when failure happens. They are important and convenient, but breakdowns do not immediately create emergency situations.</p>

<h2>The Industries and Evolutions in IIoT</h2>
<p>There has been a shift from the pure M2M and Industry 4.0 dimension in the Industrial Internet of Things whereby it is used to distinguish between the Internet of Things in the sphere of consumer devices and applications across all sorts of industries where systems and deployments are mission-critical.<br>
Obviously, in the end and in several Industrial Internet of Things applications, for instance in smart metering or smart city projects, the customers can be consumers so both worlds are not completely different.<br>
Major industries include oil and gas, transportation, manufacturing, healthcare and energy but they are certainly not the only ones. Many use cases in government (smart cities) and agriculture, for instance, are also seen as IIoT.<br>
It’s important to mention that the focus of the Industrial Internet of Things is increasingly moving from some of the mentioned benefits and other benefits such as cost savings, better automation and productivity gains towards innovation, the development of new business models, services and/or products and even the development of new revenue streams in a world where data is money.
</p>

<h2>Application and Industries</h2>
<p>The term industrial internet of things is often encountered in the manufacturing industries, referring to the industrial subset of the IoT. Potential benefits of the industrial internet of things include improved productivity, analytics and the transformation of the workplace. The potential of growth by implementing IIoT is predicted to generate $15 trillion of global GDP by 2030.<br>
While connectivity and data acquisition are imperative for IIoT, they are not the end goals, but rather the foundation and path to something bigger. Of all the technologies, predictive maintenance is an "easier” application, as it is applicable to existing assets and management systems. Intelligent maintenance systems can reduce unexpected downtime and increase productivity, which is projected to save up to 12% over scheduled repairs, reduce overall maintenance costs up to 30%, and eliminate breakdowns up to 70%, according to some studies. Cyber-physical systems (CPS) are the core technology of industrial big data and they will be an interface between human and the cyber world.<br>
Integration of sensing and actuation systems connected to the Internet can optimize energy consumption as a whole.[36] It is expected that IoT devices will be integrated into all forms of energy consuming devices (switches, power outlets, bulbs, televisions, etc.) and be able to communicate with the utility supply company in order to effectively balance power generation and energy usage. Besides home based energy management, the IIoT is especially relevant to the Smart Grid since it provides systems to gather and act on energy and power-related information in an automated fashion with the goal to improve the efficiency, reliability, economics, and sustainability of the production and distribution of electricity.</p>
<h3>Automotive industry</h3>
<p>Using IIoT in car manufacturing implies the digitalization of all elements of production. Software, machines and humans are interconnected, enabling suppliers and manufacturers to rapidly respond to changing standards. IIoT enables efficient and cost-effective production by moving data from the customers to the company's systems, and then to individual sections of the production process. With IIoT, new tools and functionalities can be included in the manufacturing process.<br> For example, 3D printers simplify the way of shaping pressing tools by printing the shape directly from steel granulate. These tools enable new possibilities for designing (with high precision). Customization of vehicles is also enabled by IIoT due to the modularity and connectivity of this technology. While in the past they worked separately, IIoT now enables humans and robots to cooperate. Robots take on the heavy and repetitive activities, so the manufacturing cycles are quicker and the vehicle comes to the market more rapidly. Factories can quickly identify potential maintenance issues before they lead to downtime and many of them are moving to a 24-hour production plant, due to higher security and efficiency. The majority of automotive manufacturers companies have production plants in different countries, where different components of the same vehicle are built. IIoT makes possible to connect these production plants to each other, creating the possibility to move within facilities. Big data can be visually monitored which enables companies to respond faster to fluctuations in production and demand.</p>
<h3>Oil and gas industry</h3>
<p>With IIoT support, large amounts of raw data can be stored and sent by the drilling gear and research stations for cloud storage and analysis. With IIoT technologies, the oil and gas industry has the capability to connect machines, devices, sensors, and people through interconnectivity, which can help companies better address fluctuations in demand and pricing, address cybersecurity, and minimize environmental impact.
<br>
Across the supply chain, IIoT can improve the maintenance process, the overall safety, and connectivity. Drones can be used to detect possible oil and gas leaks at an early stage and at locations that are difficult to reach (e.g. offshore). They can also be used to identify weak spots in complex networks of pipelines with built-in thermal imaging systems. Increased connectivity (data integration and communication) can help companies with adjusting the production levels based on real-time data of inventory, storage, distribution pace, and forecasted demand. For example, a Deloitte report states that by implementing an IIoT solution integrating data from multiple internal and external sources (such as work management system, control centre, pipeline attributes, risk scores, inline inspection findings, planned assessments, and leak history), thousands of miles of pipes can be monitored in real-time. This allows monitoring of pipeline threats, improving risk management, and providing situational awareness.
<br>
Benefits also apply to specific processes of the oil and gas industry. The exploration process of oil and gas can be done more precisely with 4D models built by seismic imaging. These models map fluctuations in oil reserves and gas levels, they strive to point out the exact quantity of resources needed, and they forecast the lifespan of wells. The application of smart sensors and automated drillers gives companies the opportunity to monitor and produce more efficiently. Further, the storing process can also be improved with the implementation of IIoT by collecting and analyzing real-time data to monitor inventory levels and temperature control. IIoT can enhance the transportation process of oil and gas by implementing smart sensors and thermal detectors to give real-time geolocation data and monitor the products for safety reasons. These smart sensors can monitor the refinery processes, and enhance safety. The demand for products can be forecasted more precisely and automatically be communicated to the refineries and production plants to adjust production levels.</p>

<h2>Security Challenges</h2>
<h3>General Security Challenges</h3>
<p>An unwelcome effect of IT/OT convergence is the expansion of the attack surfaces and threat vectors across the organization. This provides more opportunities for hackers, malware authors and criminal groups to take advantage of. As shown by the Dyn distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks and the WannaCry and Petya ransomware incidents, the adversaries have become more proficient in exploiting these new attack surfaces and threat vectors. In doing so, they are able to bring about major disruptions such as taking down critical domain hosting providers and compromising millions of systems around the world.
<br>
Given the profusion of attacks and breaches, cyberthreats are now top of mind for discerning senior executives and board members. This awareness has resulted in increased funding becoming available for the IT environment, but not necessarily for the OT environment, where cybersecurity is still more an afterthought than an integrated part of the business plan.
<br>
As a result of IT/OT convergence, we are starting to see significant security challenges for the overall organization. These include lack of security awareness across the IT/OT environment and fragmented security solutions that don’t necessarily work in the OT environment.
<br>
Another issue is lack of standards and regulations for IoT technologies, which makes planning and implementation difficult. Also, some security models may not have been built into IoT devices and platforms, particularly those used in the OT environment.
<br>
Furthermore, many forms of malware in the IT environment can impact OT. For fear of the potential consequences, the organization itself might intentionally shut down operations due to a malware attack or even just the threat thereof. This sort of self-denial-of-service was exemplified by Honda and Renault when they halted manufacturing at their respective plants to prevent the spread of ransomware in their systems, even though there were no alarms on the factory floor.</p>
<h3>Security Challenges for IIoT</h3>
<p>IoT is a continuation of trends that have been on the rise since the 1990s. With its emergence, we have seen increased granularity and connectivity in process sensor and control equipment. As well, we have seen increased aggregation of large amounts of cross-sensor, cross-site and cross-customer information in enterprise-level and internet-based repositories.
<br>
IIoT advocates predict dramatic increases in the number of “intelligent” devices deployed at industrial sites, the amount of data harvested routinely from such devices, and the degree of central aggregation and analysis of this data. These trends toward increased granularity, increased connectivity and increased aggregation are expected to significantly expand IIoT attack surfaces.
<br>
The concept of IIoT comprises successive levels, along with their related security and operational issues:
<ol>
<li>Local area networks for collecting and locally processing data from connected ICS objects. Security issue: lack of authentication and security in process sensors. Operational issue: Compromised data can lead to equipment damage, regulatory issues and personal safety hazards.</li>
<li>Transmission of data to the cloud via gateways. Security issue: lack of security in protocols and gateways. Operational issue: Compromised data can lead to equipment damage, regulatory issues and personal safety hazards.</li>
<li>Processing and storage of data in the cloud by appropriate platforms and specific algorithms such as big data. Security issue: lack of security of data. Operational issue: Compromised data can lead to equipment damage, regulatory issues and personal safety.</li>
<li>Interfacing between platforms and end users for monitoring. Security issue: lack of secure communication protocols. Operational issue: Using the cloud for control can lead to unforeseen operational concerns.</li>
</ol></p>
